setup: limits: for who and defaults (#11)
multipath-tcp/mptcp.dev: setup.md

ip mptcp limits set [ subflows NR ] [ add_addr_accepted NR ]
```

- `subflows` is the limit of additional created and accepted subflows (paths),
  for both the client and server sides (default is 2).
- `add_addr_accepted` is the limit of accepted `ADD_ADDR` -- IP address
  notification from the other peer -- that will result in the creation of
  subflows, typically only for the client side (default is 0).

{: .note}
It is possible to reach the limits with fewer established subflows than
expected, e.g. when new subflow requests cannot reach the other peer. In case of
problem, please increase the limits, use `ss -Mai` to check the counters, and

> set the adapted routing or firewall rules to avoid using certain paths between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modify the routing or firewall rules to avoid using certain paths between
```

> specific IP addresses, e.g. in a lab setup with dedicated links, don't use
> default but specific routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific IP addresses. For example, in a lab setup with dedicated links use
specific routes rather than letting the kernel select the default route.
```
